[Docs] Explain limitations when a custom graph is a source of the filter interaction (#552)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/actions.md

    [Graph2]: ../../assets/user_guides/actions/actions_filter_interaction.png

> !!! note "`filter_interaction with custom charts`"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note "`filter_interaction` with custom charts"
```

>     If `filter_interaction` is assigned to the [custom chart](custom-charts.md), ensure that `custom_data` is passed from the `vm.Graph` figure to the `@capture('graph')` function, and then assigned to the returned figure object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If `filter_interaction` is assigned to a [custom chart](custom-charts.md), ensure that `custom_data` is an argument of the custom chart function, and that the relevant entry is then passed to the underlying plotly function. When configuring the custom chart in `vm.Graph`, ensure that `custom_data` is passed.
```

    [Graph2]: ../../assets/user_guides/actions/actions_filter_interaction.png

!!! note "`filter_interaction` with custom charts"

>     If `filter_interaction` is assigned to a [custom chart](custom-charts.md), ensure that `custom_data` is an argument of the custom chart function, and that the relevant entry is then passed to the underlying plotly function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If `filter_interaction` is assigned to a [custom chart](custom-charts.md), ensure that `custom_data` is an argument of the custom chart function, and that this argument is then passed to the underlying plotly function.
```

>     When configuring the custom chart in `vm.Graph`, ensure that `custom_data` is passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When then adding the custom chart in `vm.Graph`, ensure that `custom_data` is passed.
```
